# Evaluating Large Language Models as Strategic Assistants for Agile Product Owners

In this organization github users can found and reproduce the 


## Proposed Methodology
- Static evaluation :
  - Phase 1: Contextual Comprehension and Requirement Extraction.
  - Phase 2: Strategic Prioritization and Agile Alignment.
  - Phase 3: Phase 3: Architectural Viability and Implementation Assessment.
  - Phase 4: Code Quality, Security, and Technical Debt Inspection.
  - Phase 5: Consultative Maturity and Stakeholder Mediation.
- Dynamic Prototype Evaluation Protocol.
  
## PROMTS

- PROMPT 0:  Analyze the following base documents: the requirements specification and the technology stack in the form of a Dockerfile and a Docker-Compose.yml file.
- PROMPT 1:  Provide the user stories list obtained from the requirements specification. Identify the different types of requirements and their number. 
  - PROMPT 1a: Refer to the requirements specification file to identify which requirements should be included in the first sprint of this Scrum project. 
  - PROMPT 1b:  Indicate which requirements are included and the global percentage covered. 
  - PROMPT 1c:  Provide a justification for the unselected requirements from the perspective of the product owner. 
- PROMPT 2: Refer to the Docker-compose.yml file and create a full prototype for the first sprint of this Scrum project. Ensure you include all the detailed code and artefacts required for deployment.
- PROMPT 3: Indicate all the steps that need to be followed in order to present the prototype. 
- PROMPT 4: Perform a code analysis on the full prototype created and provide the relevant code metrics. 

## Replication repositories

Each case study XXX is an instance of this folder distribution:
```
XXX
├── 01.Inputs      # SRS and architecture given as input for the experiment
├── 02.Outputs     # Raw chat logs and UI screenshots
├── XXX-ChatGPT    # Full-stack source code generated by ChatGPT
├── XXX-Copilot    # Full-stack source code generated by Copilot
├── XXX-DeepSeek   # Full-stack source code generated by DeepSeek
├── XXX-Gemini     # Full-stack source code generated by Gemini
└─ README.md
```


- [RMOS - Restaurant Menu and Ordering System](https://github.com/ual-SE-LAB/RMOS-Restaurant-Menu-and-Ordering)
- [ALI -  Amazing Lunch Indicator](https://github.com/ual-SE-LAB/ALI-Amazing-Luch-Indicator) 
- [Ecommerce - Online Bookstore](https://github.com/ual-SE-LAB/Ecommerce-Online-Bookstore) 
- [Camp - Summer Camp](https://github.com/ual-SE-LAB/Camp-Summer-Camp)

### [Static automated analysis with SonarQube](https://sonarcloud.io/organizations/softeng-ual/projects)

The deployments have been tested using:
  - Ubuntu 24.04.4 LTS -- Docker version 29.4.0, build 9d7ad9f
  - Windows xxx -- Docker desktop and docker version 29.3.1, build c2be9cc
